Now let's add the validation for the email.
The first thing we are going to do is we are going to just copying one of the tests and pasting here.
We are going to update the email field.
And with the with the MTV and as a.
Error message.
We will see.
Email is required.
So we are using this.
This name.
Email.
Female validation.
So this is going to be the test idea we are going to use for the email error message.
And this is the field name, so let's save this one.
So this one is failing.
Let's fix it here in the component for the email.
We will add validators array and the will to the validator is going to be required.
And just like we have this username error function here, we will have.
Mail error.
And this is going to be checking for the e mail control, email form control.
And if it is required, it's going to be returning.
Email is required and here in the template we will have just copying the diff for the user username,
input and pasting after the email input.
In this one, this is going to be the email validation and we are going to look for email error.
And we will also assign this class dynamically like this.
If there is this email error, we will apply the is invalid class.
So let's save these changes.
Now the test is passing and if we test on browser, just focusing to email and focusing other and here
we see the the error is visible.
Now let's do the same thing for the passwords input as well.
So just copying this one and this is for the password field and the message will be password is required
here we see the test is failing and fix is same.
So we will have these validators every.
For the password.
And we will have the password error get function.
For passwords, form control and the message will be password is required and.
Just copying this dev pasting after password input.
This is for password validation, looking for a password error and displaying that error.
And also again, we will show this class to this input.
If there is password error saving all the changes and the tests are passing and if you test it on browser,
just focusing the password and focusing and here we see the error is there.
Let's also add the test for the just part.
So we already have the implementation.
So we will just add the test here.
So this is the table for the the repeating test, the first one for the e mail.
This is the label and we are filling the form with empty value.
And the message is email is required and the next one is for password and password is required.
Saving it.
And he receded as our passing.